Update citation and add missing publications (#717)
festim-dev/FESTIM: docs/source/publications.rst

Analysis
--------

- Rémi Delaporte-Mathurin et al., *3D Effects on Hydrogen Transport in ITER-like Monoblocks* Nuclear Fusion, (2023), https://doi.org/10.1088/1741-4326/ad1019.

> - Rémi Delaporte-Mathurin, “Hydrogen Transport in Tokamaks: Estimation of the ITER Divertor Tritium Inventory and Influence of Helium Exposure” (These de doctorat, Paris 13, 2022), https://www.theses.fr/2022PA131054.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rémi Delaporte-Mathurin, *Hydrogen Transport in Tokamaks: Estimation of the ITER Divertor Tritium Inventory and Influence of Helium Exposure* (These de doctorat, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, 2022), https://www.theses.fr/2022PA131054.
```

Although maybe its not in italics for a thesis? don't know

Author: Let's be consistent
